# LibStorage
Library Storage

# LibStorage/RevisionState
Revision State
How close the data are to their final form

# LibStorage/RevisionState/initial
initial

# LibStorage/RevisionState/finalizing
finalizing

# LibStorage/HIPAA
HIPAA
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
---
[More information at HHS.gov](https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/for-professionals/privacy/laws-regulations/index.html)

# LibStorage/HIPAA/unrelated
unrelated
Dataset contains no HIPAA-related data

# LibStorage/HIPAA/anonymized
anonymized
Dataset contains HIPAA-related data, but they are anonymized

# LibStorage/HIPAA/full
full
Dataset contains non-anonymized HIPAA-related data

# LibStorage/Storages
Storages
List of the storage facilities that can store the dataset in question

# LibStorage/Storages/actWrkScr
WSS@Lib
Working and Staging Storage at the Library
---
Researchers needing large, temporary storage space for actively modifying data can request a share on the Library's Qumulo server. The server has a usable capacity of 526 Tebibytes and is a robust, four node SSD/HDD cluster that offers more durability and efficiency over standard RAID options. This service, however, is not intended to be a primary storage point and is not backed up. A share/directory (SMB/CIFS or NFS, if preferred) that you can access directly from your computer can be set up using campus AD accounts. The service is currently funded through June 2020.

# LibStorage/Storages/ucsdLibDCol_idx
UCSD-LDC+i
UC San Diego Library Digital Collections _with indexing_
---
The Digital Collections is a digital repository designed to provide discovery, access, and long-term preservation for research data generated by UC San Diego researchers or with campus resources. The Library's curation service offers several different options for independently configuring discoverability of the metadata, accessibility of the data to the public, and preservation. Based on your responses, a possible solution would be to deposit your data into the Digital Collections with full indexing, to permit your data to be searchable both within the Digital Collections website and from external search engines.

# LibStorage/Storages/ucsdLibDCol
UCSD-LDC
UC San Diego Library Digital Collections _without indexing_
---
The Digital Collections is a digital repository designed to provide discovery, access, and long-term preservation for research data generated by UC San Diego researchers or with campus resources. The Library's curation service offers several different options for independently configuring discoverability of the metadata, accessibility of the data to the public, and preservation. Based on your responses, a possible solution would be to deposit your data into the Digital Collections without indexing, so that the data is preserved, but not discoverable via external search engines nor even from within the Digital Collections website. The data and metadata would be accessible via URL or Digital Object Identifier only.

# LibStorage/Storages/ucsdLibDCol_mdo
UCSD-LDC *metadata only*
UC San Diego Library Digital Collections (metadata only + alternative storage)
---
The Digital Collections is a digital repository designed to provide discovery, access, and long-term preservation for research data generated by UC San Diego researchers or with campus resources. The Library's curation service offers several different options for independently configuring discoverability of the metadata, accessibility of the data to the public, and preservation. Based on your responses, a possible solution would be to deposit only your metadata (i.e., information about your data) into the Digital Collections without the data themselves. The metadata would be discoverable via external search engines and from within the Digital Collections website, but you would remain responsible for stewardship and access to the data elsewhere. This option could be used in case of policies that restrict Library stewardship of the data, e.g., data containing Protected Health Information.


# LibStorage/Storages/rdlShare
RDL-Share
---
RDL-share is a web-based file transfer service provided by the Library for sharing large research data files with anyone, including individuals not affiliated with the campus. Campus users can send or request files up to 500GB per message and must set an expiration date. No account setup is necessary; you can use this immediately by logging in at [https://rdl-share.ucsd.edu](https://rdl-share.ucsd.edu) with your AD credentials.

# LibStorage/Storages/chronopolis
Chronopolis
Certified, geographically-distributed preservation system.
---
Chronopolis is a certified, geographically-distributed preservation system designed to prevent catastrophic loss of data. Data that should be preserved but not made publicly available or discoverable can be deposited directly into Chronopolis. Data will be accessible by the depositor via request only. The contents of the UC San Diego Library Digital Collections are also preserved in Chronopolis, therefore data should not be deposited into both systems independently.

# LibStorage/Handling
Handling
How the data are handled by the repository

# LibStorage/Handling/NoCost
no cost

# LibStorage/Handling/NoCost/notRequired
not required

# LibStorage/Handling/NoCost/required
required

# LibStorage/Handling/LongTermPreservation
Long Term Preservation

# LibStorage/Handling/LongTermPreservation/notRequired
notRequired

# LibStorage/Handling/LongTermPreservation/required
required

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel
Access Level

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/DataAccess
Data Access

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/DataAccess/public
public

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/DataAccess/private
private

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/MetadataAccess
Metadata Access

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/MetadataAccess/indexed
indexed
Dataset's metadata appears in search results

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/MetadataAccess/public
public
Dataset's metadata are publicly available via direct link, but do not appear in search results

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessLevel/MetadataAccess/private
private
Dataset's metadata are not publicly available

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessFrequency
Access Frequency

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessFrequency/low
low

# LibStorage/Handling/AccessFrequency/high
high

# LibStorage/HandlingApproved
Handling Approved

# LibStorage/HandlingApproved/Yes
Yes

# LibStorage/HandlingApproved/No
No

# LibStorage/Traits
Traits
Internal assertions that make the decision tree easier to write

# LibStorage/Traits/hipaaCleared
HIPAA Cleared

# LibStorage/Traits/notIndexed
Not Indexed
